What is MicroServices ?

MicroServices are small, independent, loosely coupled services that can work together
Each service is a separate codebase, which can be managed by a small development team.
Microservices communicate with each other by using well defined api's
Microservices can be deployed independently and autonomously.
Microservices can work with many different technology stacks which is technology agnostic.
Microservices has its own database that is not shared with other services.

What is Microservices Architecture?
The microservice architectureal style is an approach to developing a single application as a suit of small 
services, each running in its own process and communicating with lightweight mechanisms, often an HTTP or gRPC Api
 Microservices are built around business capabilities and independently deployable by fully automated deployment process.
 Microservices architecture decomposes an application into small independent services that communicate over well defined Apis. Services are owned by small, self-contained teams.
 Microservices architecture is cloud native architecture approach in which services composed of many loosely coupled and independently deployable smaller components.
 Microservices have their own technology stack, communicate to each other over a combination of REST APIs, are organized by business capability, with the bounded contexts.


 What is Asp.Net ?
 Asp.Net Core is a cross-platform, high-performance, open-source framework for building
 mordern, cloud-enabled, Internet-Conneted apps.
 Build web apps and services, Internet of Things apps, and mobile backends.
 Deploy to the cloud or on-permises.
 Run on .Net Core.

 (
	A unified story for building Web UI and Web APIs.
	Architected for testability
	Razor Pages makes coding page-focused scenarios easier and more productive.
	Blazor lets you use C# in the browser alongside JavaScript.
	Ability to Develop and run on all os.
	Open-Source and community-focused.
	Integration of mordern, client-side frameworks and development workflows.
	A cloud-ready, environment-based configuration system.
	Built-in dependency injection.
	A light weight, high-performance, and modular HTTP request pipeline.
 
 )